okay awesome people I'm Ellie awesome
and today I'll be playing the new game
by the creator of flappy bird called
swing copters
wish me luck okay oh shoot this is hot
okay so you have to tap every time you
tap it he'll go the other way yeah this
is not gonna be good
Ellie awesome power up I think if you
tap quickly you kind of stays in a
straight line almost I'm going to try
that method now the platform's have
moved sideways now I can't keep up with
change no why do I want to keep playing
far out no best oh good flashing no best
new I thought I'm getting the hang of it
I'm gonna aim for three I'll be good
okay
I need to show everyone I'm mo I'm
amazing at playing apps I'm wasting my
life I need to get to I can't stop boy
I think it's been at least 15 or 20
minutes playing this one I got three I
got three I got three I've got three
thanks for watching
beat that game oops I put my nose on
there
beat that
three everybody
it only took but he or so minutes but I
got three swing copters that's right
that's right